so
you are anne baxter yes
yes i am i'm sorry really i am so sorry
nice to meet you i'm mr stevens how'd
you do
i'm so sorry mr stephens please sit down
it's all right how are you today
i'm a little nervous and this isn't a
good start
that's all right well anne where are you
from
i'm english i'm from oxford great
a true brit can you speak any other
languages
french german spanish
i can speak french a little spanish
and a few words of italian my sister is
in rome
studying history of art at university
okay okay
very interesting and can you use a
computer
the internet i'm not a genius with the
computer but
but i can use one great ann
uh i have your cv here
and i see you already work here what do
you do exactly
i do this and that um
i usually work from home i have an
office in my room
with a big desk and and two chairs and
fine fine that's that's fine and
do you live alone no i i share a flat
with my australian friend alice
and there's a new flatmate now his name
is jack
he's from new york he's very nice that's
that's fine that's fine
great and you're you're very well
prepared
you you have a good education and
you're very precise you're just the
person
for this internship oh thank you mr
stevens
thank you so much for this opportunity
[Music]
right this way and
this is gary
and this is rachel hello hi pleased to
meet you too
rachel is a very important team member
at our publishing house
she knows everything about the company
she was our first employee in 1985
1985 and she can answer any questions
you may have
okay ann you're in good hands have a
productive day
oh all right anne are you ready well
mr stevens founded this publishing house
in 1985. oh just a moment
okay okay i'm ready now our first
product was a children's book
it was very successful and sold more
than 3 million copies
we had 20 different translations over
time
the company changed and diversified and
we have now
fiction cookbooks and tourist guides
cook books and
i'm sorry i didn't catch that tourist
guides
we also have an encyclopedia of history
and one of art history sometimes we
publish economic texts
and our catalog with over 10 000
titles makes us one of the most
important publishers
in the country
we also employ more than 150 people
is everything clear um
yes i think so okay
as you know this is gary he works in the
advertising office
where he develops new client contacts
and keeps in touch with our authors
pleasure to meet you ann it's
so nice to have such lovely colleagues
in this company
finance okay let's move from theory to
action this is your desk
here's your computer you know how to use
one don't you
yes yes as i told mr stevens
i'm not okay okay no need to waste time
okay um over there
is the facts and the photocopier
okay there's a coffee machine in the
hall over there
but please few breaks and keep them
short
do you understand uh yes
excellent anne get to it
[Music]
good morning
ah so uh are you ready
yes quite ready okay then
let's begin
hello my name is gary reynolds from
pilgrim publishing
may i speak to mr jones
jones how are you and uh
how is that wonderful apple pie of yours
[Laughter]
i'm fine thanks certainly i'll hold
with a wink and a nudge you can get
whatever you want
even imaginary apple pie this author is
too important for us
right hello mr jones and how are you
i'm fine thank you i wanted to know
if uh you are interested in contributing
to a new cooking guide that we have to
bring out soon yes it's a
six volume collection of recipes to fit
the needs
of all tastes with a detailed photo
guide
for preparation and cooking techniques
and we have to have the materials by the
end of
next month right
exactly
sure
of course
yes uh
excuse me could you hold on for a moment
and that's enough stop now i i can't
concentrate oh
i'm sorry sorry yes uh so
uh as i said earlier uh if you accept
i can send you a copy of the contract
that you should
sign and return no
no i'm i'm sorry we can't wait until
next tuesday
well i'll have to check with my boss
i need to ask mr stevens if we can
organize a meeting for next week
in the meantime do you need any prep
materials
no no problem at all i can send you an
email immediately
ok goodbye it was a pleasure speaking to
you
do you always have to take notes
yes yes i do um i have to learn as much
as i can and
there's so much to learn i study my
notes every evening
what a model colleague you're you're so
serious so diligent and
an absolute nut about cleaning
truly an asset to this company you're
making fun of me
no no of course not it's such a shame
such beautiful eyes shouldn't only read
all the time
come on gary stop it let's get back to
work
okay okay i mustn't pay you any
compliments then
so ms baxter can you give me the notes
from my conversation with mr jones
okay so
you said to mr jones that
oh i have to start from the beginning
right
yeah um calm down it's not an exam
i know what we should do you should try
a telephone call
me oh no oh no no no no
i'm not ready yet sure you are it's not
that difficult
okay okay here who do we have to call
next
try to call mr clifford
hello this is ann baxter from pilgrim
publishing
please may i speak to mr clifford
oh oh i see
all right all right thank you very much
right goodbye
well um what happened well
come on tell me i dialed the wrong
number
so mr stevens may i begin to explain our
typographic services
just a moment mr richardson i'm still
waiting for our new
intern she has a lot to learn and i
think our meeting would be
very useful for good morning
i'm sorry i'm late mr stevens never mind
dan
and this is mr richardson how do you do
good morning
and i see you've had your hair done very
nice
oh thank you mr stevens
it looks like you were out late last
night
i hope you had fun were you
at a party or perhaps a club
oh no i was at home
actually um it was quite a difficult
night and
anyway um i don't want to bore you with
my personal problems
right so mr richardson tell us about
your
typographical services then
founded by charles emerson montex
has been active in the typographic
market since
1985 from the beginning we have been
known for our innovation
and high quality products mr
emerson's children john and lucy have
continued the tradition
by improving and enlarging the family
business
the first montage office was located
in russell street oh russell street
that's where the flower market is i went
there just the other day and bought two
beautiful yellow
orchids i'm sorry
i'm sorry mr richardson i i didn't mean
to interrupt you
um as i was saying over the years
and following changes in the market
our company has diversified and extended
its line of products we've purchased the
latest technology
offering our customers the best package
available on the market today
in 2000 we moved to a larger office
space
in order to improve production and new
headquarters are located in rodney road
and we have approximately 55 000 square
meters at our disposal
well that's a huge space yes that's
right
it's very big
anyway our first success was with
brochures marketing flyers pamphlets
and company catalogues we also provided
business cards and general printing
services
over time we moved into book publishing
as digital technology
and expansions in the market gave us the
skills to enter the market
currently we're equipped to provide
highest quality publishing
at an extremely competitive price
a current capacity is more than 100
million pages per year
so ann have you understood everything
would you like to sum up what mr
richardson has said
me yeah could you oh
um all right i'll try
established in 1985 by charles emerson
montex has successfully grown and
adapted to changing client needs
in 2000 the company transferred to
rodney road where
thanks to cutting-edge equipment capable
of high volume
it has optimized its production and
extended its offerings
specializing in the publishing sector
currently it provides
top quality printing at extremely
attractive pricing
well done you have a great ability to
summarize
you know mr richardson we aren't very
pleased with our current typographers
they don't meet deadlines
professionalism efficiency
and punctuality are the keys to our
success
do you know that in just a few years the
number of montex clients has grown by
100 and what sort of printing do you
principally use digital printing
and offset printing in the case of high
density needs
what offset
printing young lady you work for a
publishing house
and you don't know what offset printing
is
um no sir i'm afraid i don't
is it important and offset printing
is the classic way in which a graphic
project done on a computer is converted
to the final printed page i get it
i get it well it is important it's
extremely
important what an idiot i must seem
i basically told you i have no
technological know-how
you know mr stevens i am studying the
editor's manual that you gave me but
but i i haven't got to the letter o yet
[Laughter]
hello is this montex typography
good morning this is louis stevens of
pilgrim publishing
i'd like to speak with mr emerson
oh he's in a meeting i see
could you put me through to one of his
children to john or lucy please
oh they are also in a meeting
fine then may i speak with mr richardson
you don't mean to say that he's also in
a meeting
yes i see is there anyone that i could
speak with
to find out if our order has already
gone to press
i'd also like some information about
deliveries
yes i see they're all
in meetings could you take a message for
mr
emerson ask him to call me
as soon as possible asap
i'll be in my office until 4. thank you
goodbye
well they certainly do like meetings at
montex don't they
good morning this is gary reynolds of
pilgrim publishing i would like to speak
with mr smith please
ah hey there little guy uh could you
give me your father please
i see he's not in uh may i speak to your
mom then
i see she's out as well okay uh does
that mean that you're
home alone no is there an adult in the
house
ah your babysitter okay may i speak to
her
yes hello this is gary reynolds of
pilgrim publishing
no not penguin p-i-l-g-r-i-m
right i wanted to speak to mr smith
about a new cookbook series that we're
preparing
no no no you've misunderstood no i'm not
trying to sell anything
i don't sell encyclopedias no listen i
work in a publishing house
and mr smith is one of our authors oh
wait don't hang up could you hello
well let's try someone else mr fox
good morning this is gary reynolds of
pilgrim publishing
answering machine great
yes good morning this is a message for
mr fox
i'm gary reynolds of pilgrim publishing
and
i was interested in finding out if you
would like to participate in a new
cookbook series that we are publishing
soon
you can contact me at your earliest
convenience and you can reach me at the
number
okay thank you goodbye
well seems like today is just not my
lucky day
no the answer phone
alice hello it's anne
i need to speak to you urgently please
call me as soon as you get this message
i've got lots of news to tell you about
peter and sharon
i imagine you're interested
anyway um
no news for now
okay i'll give you a hint peter
telephoned
to say that he'd called sharon about
japan
and you know what she said i'm not going
to tell you
call me and you'll find out okay bye
speak to you soon
oh you can reach me at the office bye
bye
pilgrim publishing good morning who is
this
yes this is mr steven's office with whom
am i speaking
oh good morning mr emerson if i'm not
mistaken
you're the head of montex topography
this is rachel gordon
mr steven's assistant it's a pleasure to
meet you
on the phone no i'm sorry
mr stevens isn't in at the moment he
just left
yes i know it's four o'clock
unfortunately he was called away
unexpectedly
would you care to speak with me
no don't worry there are no secrets
between mr stevens and myself
yes he telephone to find out if you had
already begun work on our order
and i think he also wanted to know about
the means of delivery
uh-huh
fine huh
mr stevens will be pleased yes
uh take a note of everything in any case
i'll have him call you tomorrow morning
when will you begin
at 10. okay fine
goodbye mr emerson i look forward to
meeting you
in person
it's friend
hello no i'm sorry she's not here right
now
um who's this alice
this is gary right the joker
which by the way was anne's idea now i
didn't want to go along but
uh she insisted no i
i don't know where she's gone perhaps to
make some photocopies
would you like to leave a message
okay i'll tell her to ring you as soon
as she returns
are you at home no your cell phone
okay all right bye oh hey hey alice
um you know uh you seem like a really
nice girl even if
uh we don't know each other um may i ask
you something
no it's just that um well would you like
to have dinner with me tonight
but please don't say anything to anne
she might get angry
no no i i know you two are such good
friends you live together
okay okay don't get worked up listen i
was just joking
all right all right bye alice bye what a
hot head
you really can't say anything to her
such a pity
i would have liked to take her out she
is very nice
now what time is it now
no do you know where she's from
knowledge he has a wide knowledge about
history
office and official
their sister is an office worker
my parents hope that i can become a god
sorry
my parents hope that i can become a
government official
nature and natural her husband
is a good natured man
i believe that my boss she's a natural
leader
refer and preference we
prefer to watch tv now
does she have any particular reference
for compete and competition i
think they are not able to compete with
us on price
his company is in competition with a
foreign company
what can i help you what can i help you
when you go to a strawberry store and
then
the clerk or the shopkeeper will ask you
what can i help you i'm looking for i'm
looking for that means like i want to
buy
i'm looking for a pink jacket
a pink jacket i'm looking for a pink
jacket
i'm afraid we just have the
dark blue blue one
here i use the blue one because we are
talking about the jacket
okay so if you don't want to say that
dark blue
jacket here you don't want to repeat the
word check it so
just replace the the jacket by the word
one
okay i'm afraid
we just have the dark blue one here
i'm afraid we just have a dark blue one
here
oh i don't like that color
thanks anyway now
thanks anyway i get up
i get up early to
go jogging every day
i get up early to go jogging every day i
get up early to go jogging every day
that sounds great that sounds
great that remember okay
that sounds great i
love dog walking i love dog
walking you have a dog
yes a big one you know the same here
if we are talking about the jacket and i
don't want to mention the word jacket
again i just you
use the word one to replace with the
word jacket
and okay in the same the same here we
are talking about the dark
okay so if i don't want to mention a dog
again i just say
big one that means a big dog okay a big
one
we always go walking
walking together yes
a big one we always go
walking together
number one i drink beer
i drink beer
if you want to change into the negative
form
we say i do not drink
beer or you can say i don't drink
beer we don't say i'm not drink beer or
i not drink beer or i drink not beer
no they are all incorrect i
do not drink beer remember
before the normal verb we use
do not atone for i
for you you need a new
mobile phone this one you can say mobile
for america sorry for british english
and for american english you can say
mobile
mobile phone you don't need a mobile
phone
and you we use
do not i don't you
don't need a new
mobile phone you don't need a new mobile
phone
for number three we eat seafood
we eat seafood now
if we use not we have to say
we do not eat seafood
or we don't eat seafood they clean
the house and we have they don't
clean the house they clean
the house and they don't clean the house
number five the children
children right one child
two or more children so the children
is bluer now for bluer nouns we use
do not do the
children play soccer
play soccer or play football for
british english the children
don't play soccer remember
the children don't or do not
play soccer